[plugin-mobitru] Introduce integration with Mobitru (#3297)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-mobitru.adoc

:test-cloud-name: Mobitru
:test-cloud-key: mobitru
:test-cloud-link: https://mobitru.com/
:mobitru-guide-link: https://app.mobitru.com/static/mstfdocs/public/Mobitru_User_Guide.pdf

include::partial$test-cloud-header.adoc[]

== Profiles

The plugin defines profile with a set of the preconfigured properties. In order to simplify work with Mobitru the plugin does following steps:

> .Waits for the requested device to be available using https://app.mobitru.com/wiki/api/#api-Device-TakeDeviceDesiredCapabilities[API call] and takes it in the usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Waits for the requested device to be available using https://app.mobitru.com/wiki/api/#api-Device-TakeDeviceDesiredCapabilities[REST API call] and takes it in the usage.
```

Reviewer 2: maybe just HTTP call? otherwise are you sure that mobitru API follows REST principles?

> .Installs application on the devices using https://app.mobitru.com/wiki/api/#api-InstallApp-InstallApp[API call].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Installs application on the devices using https://app.mobitru.com/wiki/api/#api-InstallApp-InstallApp[REST API call].
```

> INFO: For the device search plugin relies on the capabilities speciefied using xref:plugins:plugin-mobile-app.adoc#_properties[capabilities specified via properties].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
INFO: For the device search plugin relies on the capabilities specified in the xref:plugins:plugin-mobile-app.adoc#_properties[properties].
```

[cols="1,2"]
|===

|`mobitru`
|Use in conjunction with xref:plugins:plugin-mobile-app.adoc#_profiles[native mobile application profiles].

|===

== Properties

NOTE: The properties marked with *bold* are mandatory.

[cols="6,2,3,5", options="header"]

|===

|Property Name
|Acceptable values
|Default
|Description

|[subs=+quotes]`*selenium.grid.username*`
|The username.
|`<empty>`

> |The name of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The name of the user.
```

|[subs=+quotes]`*selenium.grid.password*`

> |The password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The access key.
```

|`<empty>`
|{mobitru-guide-link}[See guide section about the key].

|[subs=+quotes]`*mobitru.app-file-name*`
|The name of application e.g. `app.apk` or `app.ipa`.
|`<empty>`

> |The file name of the application under test uploaded to Mobitru. Application should be uploaded either via https://app.mobitru.com/static/mstfdocs/public/Mobitru_User_Guide.pdf[UI] or https://app.mobitru.com/wiki/api/#api-InstallApp-UpdateArtifact[API].   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The file name of the application under test uploaded to Mobitru. The application should be uploaded either via https://app.mobitru.com/static/mstfdocs/public/Mobitru_User_Guide.pdf[UI] or https://app.mobitru.com/wiki/api/#api-InstallApp-UpdateArtifact[REST API].   
```

|[subs=+quotes]`*mobitru.app-bundle-id*`
|The valide application package name or bundle id.
|`<empty>`
|`Package name` for Android or `Bundle identifier` from `Plist.info` for iOS. It is used to activate the application under tests after Appium session start.

> |`mobitru.wait-for-device-timeout`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`mobitru.device-wait-timeout`
```

|The duration in {iso-date-format-link} format.
|`PT5M`

> |The wait for device timeout. VIVIDUS will perform at most 20 retries during the timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The timeout to wait while the requested device becomes available for usage. VIVIDUS will perform at most 20 retries during the timeout.
```
